Welcome to module three.
So now we're going to dive into actual swapping of units since we understand what's going
on on the live coverage sheet.
So let's say that we're reaching the end of this game and the producer says we need to
cut 30 seconds from break 11.
Remember the break segment 11 underneath that would be break 11.
So if they say we need to cut 30 seconds, immediately we know that this Jersey Mike
is what needs to be cut because Major League Fishing, it is sold specifically to this show,
even though in this ordered as column, it says sports spectacular.
If you look in the fine print details, it says Major League Fishing, so we cannot go
in any other show for the rest of the day.
So if one of these units got cut, it would not be good.
We would have to add on another commercial break or somehow fit in that 30 seconds to
this show.
So and it's very difficult to move a local and remember the producer needs to suggest
to cut a local.
So we would cut this 30 second Jersey Mike unit.
We would say it over the phone speaker and it would also be in emails, but we'll show
you how to do the emails later on.
So I move units, everybody on the traffic team does it a little bit differently, but
I like to notate next to everything as I go so that I don't get confused.
So we always say moved to and first we look in the ordered as column.
It's a sports spec unit.
Then.
We look in the.
Spot end time.
So first, we look in the ordered as it's sports spectacular and we see sports
spectacular units in the next show.
So we know that it can go there.
Hypothetically, it cannot go anywhere else if we needed to move it because, oh,
we see sports back units here, so we know we can put it in this show.
There are no sports back units in this show, so it cannot go here.
And then once again, we see sports spectacular sports spectacular units in this show,
so we also know that we can move it here.
So it's a pretty versatile unit right now.
There are many shows airing sports spec, so it's a good option slash your only option to cut.
So when something is not airing in a break, we turn it red because this signifies, OK,
it is not airing here.
And then you look in the fine print next to it, and it could either say cut if it says
cut next to it, and then you do no fill like that.
It means this break, this commercial did not air at all.
So we don't want that.
We want to make sure that we save it.
So let's write moved to, and we're going to move it.
So remember, one of the main things we're keeping track of is we need to make sure that
it can go in the show.
We look in the ordered as column.
It can go in the 2 p.m. show.
Then we look at spot end time.
It needs to air before 1 a.m.
We're good because this is just 2 p.m. this show.
And then we need to look at the length.
It's 30 seconds.
So we need to keep in mind brand SEP.
If you recall, brand SEP is the rule that a 30 second commercial cannot air within 30
minutes of its previously aired partner.
And then we look at the actual brand.
It's Jersey Mike.
So we know Jersey Mike is a restaurant unit, a restaurant company, and it is food.
So we want to make sure that this restaurant is not paired in another break with another
restaurant.
Well, sorry, that's so condescending.
We want to make sure that this that this restaurant is not paired with another restaurant.
So let's start our journey.
If it is a 30 second commercial, you have to cut 30 seconds of inventory units.
So we would cut you cut green, which are, remember, DRs, promos, or PSAs.
So I see 30 seconds right here in break one.
So let's see if it can go there.
So we have mattress.
There are no restaurant units here.
So it doesn't have any brand conflict within this break one of the 2 p.m.
window.
So let's put it here.
Potentially.
I like to make notes next to everything because I'll remember.
Okay, I'm looking at this one.
This is my top slot.
Now, let's make sure that it doesn't break set with anything within this 2 p.m.
window.
So there are no Jersey Mike units here.
There are no Jersey Mike units here.
And there are no Jersey Mike units here.
So we're good to place it here.
So remember, red.
So now remember, red means it is not airing at all.
This unit is 100% well, sorry.
Now, remember, red with the words cut next to it shows that these 2 units were cut completely.
They will not air at all within the day.
You did not save them and they are dead.
So that is showing that.
Now, we are going to show that we moved this Jersey Mike unit to break one.
So we press here.
We insert a line.
It doesn't really matter where in the break you put this line.
You could put it there or you could put it at the bottom.
Insert.
Or you could put it at the very bottom.
So I right click, insert line, and then you copy and you paste it in that line.
Now, we let's finish up up here.
So moved to you write B one, which B stands for break of the 2 p.m. of the 2 p.m. window.
So then we right here moved from the 11 of the let's see what game this is.
It started at 12 p.m. of the 12 p.m. show or game.
And now if you're looking at this, you can see here, okay, this unit at first glance might be,
oh, no, is this unit cut?
No, we look next to it.
We see this comment.
All right.
It's moved to be one of the 2 p.m.
Okay.
So we go to 2 p.m.
All right.
This is the correct amount of time cut.
If you cut 30 seconds, you can add in 30 seconds.
But oh, no, this what does this mean?
It's still red.
So now we turn it blue.
So now we turn it blue, which shows, oh, okay.
Blue means I aired in this break.
There we go.
Red means it did not air or it was cut because see here it's red.
It did not air, but it wasn't cut because we have this comment here.
Then here it's red, but it is cut completely dead.
These units will never air.
And then in its place of this 30 second is this 30 second Jersey Mike commercial.
So remember, we look at the ordered as column.
We make sure that this 2 p.m. game allows sports spec units.
Then we look at the time.
We make sure that the spot end time it's airing before it's spot end time.
Then we look at the length of the commercial to make sure.
Remember to make sure that we're following brand SEP.
And then we look at the title, which gives us the details about the advertiser
so that we make sure we're not violating brand SEP.
And that is how we move a unit on the live coverage sheet.
Now, there is a way that we write this down for master control
because all of this is sent via email.
And I will show you how to notate it right now.
